---
title: "SBDM Meeting Notes: March 16, 2021"
layout: single
date: '2021-03-16 19:58:53'
categories:
- meetingnotes
tags:
- sbdm
excerpt: "SBDM Standing Meeting from Tuesday, March 16 2021. The day before reopening notes plus principal selection policy reading."
---

Hello LPAS Families and Friends! Below are my notes from the March 16th 2021 LPAS SBDM meeting. 

*Note: I'm one of two parent reprensentatives, so my notes are slanted towards parent/family topics. As far as notes go, they are probably incomplete, and are definitely not "official". Official agendas and approved minutes are posted on the* [*LPAS SBDM page*](http://lincoln.jefferson.kyschools.us/groups/14915/site_based_decision_making_council_sbdm/sbdm) and [*JCPS SBDM Council and Standing Committee Minutes site*](https://sppublic.jefferson.kyschools.us/sbdm/SitePages/Home.aspx).

### Good News ###
- Going back to school tomorrow!

### Committee Reports ###

Not much on comittee reports.

**CSIP Survey** nothing to report. 

**Backpack of Success**. Working on backpack plans. (I ended up doing Backpack Defenses for Noe Middle in early March! - ben)

**Racial Equity** nothing to report.

### Staffing ###

Ms. Kate Benedict re-interviewed due to transfer process

A lot of subs in the building with the Hybrid schedule.

### Student Achievement Updates ###

Nothing to report.

### Budget ###

We've maintained staffing levels in our budget similar to last couple of years. Though, per 2/16/2021 meeting we are going to be down one ESL teacher.

### Policy Review ###

Regarding the **Policy waiver** amendment: we agreed that waiver policy as written was OK in that council sets timeframe for the waiver in minutes. 

Regarding the second reading on the **Principal Selection** policy, we received guidance from Dr. Stenton that yes, you may have any number of people on the selection committee.


### New Business AKA Reopening ###

Ms. Case offered a few stats on reopening: no classes will have over 15 students. There will be 210 students per diem in the school (as of March 16th - this likely went up as the school year progressed - ben).

The Morning Meeting will come back 3/24.  

Access Testing from 3/1 to 4/27. An abbreviated KPREP for 3rd thru 5th in May. MAP Testing is NOT happening - though "this would be preferred".

See you in April!