---
title: "SBDM Meeting Notes: April 20, 2021"
layout: single
date: '2021-04-21 19:58:53'
categories:
- meetingnotes
tags:
- sbdm
excerpt: "SBDM Standing Meeting from Tuesday, April 20 2021. Principal selection policy review, staffing updates, plus reopening plan Q&A"
---

Hello LPAS Families and Friends! Below are my notes from the February 16th 2021 LPAS SBDM meeting. 

*Note: I'm one of two parent reprensentatives, so my notes are slanted towards parent/family topics. As far as notes go, they are probably incomplete, and are definitely not "official". Official agendas and approved minutes are posted on the* [*LPAS SBDM page*](http://lincoln.jefferson.kyschools.us/groups/14915/site_based_decision_making_council_sbdm/sbdm) and [*JCPS SBDM Council and Standing Committee Minutes site*](https://sppublic.jefferson.kyschools.us/sbdm/SitePages/Home.aspx).

[April 20, 2021 Agenda](https://docs.google.com/document/d/10-hZ4s2mOHzdu8b1crcAtpwL4deJxens/edit?rtpof=true)

### Good News ###

- "It's just great to be back!"
- Studetns spent a lot of time on safety routines early on, but a few weeks in, it's just like normal school (except not quite as close)
- "This is not good news - it's GREAT news!"


### Committee Reports ###

Not much on comittee reports - admins have been asked to focus on back to school planning. 

**CSIP Survey** may move to the fall. If done in spring it will be abbreviated. Ms. Case hopes it happens in the fall during "back to school" so it won't be affected by NTI. 

**Backpack of Success**. Starts next week. Students have been practicing. Ms. Palmquist is leading that, and will be reaching out by end of week to those who signed up. I asked Ms. Case to share info on how to sign up - I don't believe I've seen anything regarding. 

**Racial Equity** - Reopening Equity Plan (TODO: LINK TO IT)

### Staffing ###

Ms. Maulik is moving! Her family is moving out of state - and Ms. Coots will be teaching 2nd grade last week. 

Welcome Reggie Brown as a part of the janitorial staff! 

### Student Achievement Updates ###

ESL ACCESS Testing - view the report (TODO: LINK TO IT). Ms. Jones 

KPREP is approaching and Ms. Jones is prepping for it to start May 10th. However - California has been granted a Federal OK to not do their testing - so Kentucky might be granted the same.

### Staff Assignment & Space Approval ###

We are permanently adding another 1st grade teacher - the K/1 split that had existed in 2019/2020 will no longer be. We have 4 full K classes (and teachers) currently and during NTI we had added a "small group" teacher

Space plan is approve (TODO: link)

### Budget ###



### Policy Review ###

**Principal Selection policy was read a second time and approved.** The two major updates are that the additional committee members is expanded from three to five and we added language that recommended a committee that represented the large LPAS committee. 

**Consultation for Hiring Other Than Principal** we reviewed and saw no changes.

**Extracurricular Programs** - what falls under extracurricular? Ms. Case to review. Also - note that all extracurriculars need a rationale brought to the SBDM by May 1.


### Old Business ###

No Old business.

### New Business ###

**Supplemental School Year**. JCPS is working through how to 

**Summer Programs**. Again, no summer programs at LPAS due to roof replacement. However JCPS will be providing more information very soon. Ms Jones "No matter where students are attending summer programs, all students have access." The Board Meeting this evening will roll out the offerings.

**End of School Year Celebrations**. We can have outside celebrations - but only things "critical to school culture". Kindergarten and 5th Grade Promotion. 

Ms. Case says we are currently at 83% attendance. Was very heavy. 

We are going to school next week Monday through Thursday of next week as Friday is Oaks Day.

See you in May!