---
title: "SBDM Meeting Notes: April 2022"
layout: single
date: '2022-04-19 16:15:53'
categories:
- meetingnotes
tags:
- sbdm
excerpt: "SBDM Standing Meeting for April 2022. Second reading of our LGBTQIA-focused Equity and Diversity policy!"
---

Hello LPAS Families and Friends! Below are my notes from April 19 2022 meeting.

My notes here are brief as we are back to being in-person. See the agendas and [official minutes](https://sppublic.jefferson.kyschools.us/sbdm/SitePages/Home.aspx) for more details.

*Note: I'm one of two parent reprensentatives, so my notes are slanted towards parent/family topics. As far as notes go, they are probably incomplete, and are definitely not "official". Official agendas and approved minutes are posted on the* [*LPAS SBDM page*](http://lincoln.jefferson.kyschools.us/groups/14915/site_based_decision_making_council_sbdm/sbdm) and [*JCPS SBDM Council and Standing Committee Minutes site*](https://sppublic.jefferson.kyschools.us/sbdm/SitePages/Home.aspx).


## April 19, 2022 ##
[April 19, 2022 Agenda & Docs](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/3/folders/1PKkgeDpU0-NH88OCpQf6mTbCqNbREMn5)

_We covered a lot today, but the main focus of conversation were are the Equity & Diversity policy reading and the IMPACT Survey Result_

### Good News ###
- Matilda! Live performances!
- Spring Fling this Friday
- Leadership Louisville was at LPAS today
- We'll have our Spring MAP results in May meeting

### Comprehensive School Survey is Open ###
The Comprehensive School Survey is open until May 6th for all JCPS Students, Parents and Staff. It's your chance to share your thoughts on LPAS. We review this data in-depth when it's returned to us in the Fall to guide nearly all of our SBDM discussions - including budget, policy and culture and climate. 

[Take the 2022 Comprehensive School Survey here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mtSdi54VcSASUvVu3c2u3Vv2IwBxeH7qXj1tR0i6b-Q/edit)

### Making it Easier to Get Involved ###
Regarding culture and climate and budget: I made a request that we look into telepresence technology with the budget we have, to aid with culture and climate.  


### LGBTQ-inclusive Equity & Diversity Policy: Second Reading ###
We did a SECOND reading of the [LGBTQ-inclusive Equity & Diversity Policy](https://benwilson.org/sbdm/policy/LGBTQIA-equity-diversity-policy-update/) that I helped put together. Two members of our LGBTQ Committee were in attendance - Mr. Collins (Kindergarten teacher) and Ms. Sanchez (Mental Health Coach). That committee had read through the policy and had no objections or edits. We briefly discussed the survey and "reflection" requirement. We must make sure our survey and "reflection" do not invade privacy or trust. We collectively felt that what is being propose does not invade that trust.

And with that, the first LGBTQ-inclusive Equity & Diversity Policy was accepted!

### See you next time! ###
See you in May!
